1) When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your
work local?

I would use a remote repository to collaborate with others on the same code, or
to utilize more than one PC to develop my code.


2) Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Pulling changes manually provides the required human intelligence to determine
if a change belongs in the current branch or if a new branch should be used.
This is especially true if other people are making changes in the repository.


3) Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would
you use one instead of another?

A branch is a specific path of reachable nodes in the tree structure of
commits in a given repository.  Branches enable distinguishing between two or
more versions of a set of files which have a common ancestor.  Branches
are useful for a single developer or multiple collaborating developers.

A clone is a copy of repository. One common use of a clone is to create a
local copy of a GitHub repository.

A fork is a special type of clone, i.e. a clone in GitHub of another GitHub
repository.  A fork is used when developer A wants to modify developer B's
code but does not have permission to do so (i.e. A is not a collaborator).


4) What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

This allows you to work offline and synchronize commits later.


5) How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

Collaborating without Git or GitHub would require communication via email,
chat, phone, etc.  Files would have to be shared via email or some other
shared repository.  There would need to be an agreement to ensure changes
by multiple contributors don't collide.  Nearly everything would be harder.
The only disadvantage of Git and GitHub is the learning curve required to
understand how these tools work.


6) When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

Using a separate branch provides collaborators with a mechanism for reviewing
your proposed changes without affecting master.  The disadvantage of using a
separate branch is that the workflow is more complicated (i.e. pull changes
into local master, merge local master into different branch, push that branch
to the remote, merge that branch into master).

